what US President Joe Biden has vowed to
support Israel and has warned against
countries
interfering let me say this is clearly
as I can this is not a moment for any
party hostile to Israel to exploit these
attacks to seek Advantage the world is
watching I've also been in contact with
the King of Jordan spoken with members
of Congress directing my National
Security team to engage with their
Israeli counterparts military to
Military and to intelligence di Diplomat
to Diplomat to make sure Israel has what
it
needs Dosa Jabari joins us live now from
Teran capital of Iran and D Joe Biden
they're warning other parties not to get
involved how has that gone down in Iran
and indeed how have events generally
gone
down well there's been a a sense of
victory for Iranian officials as a
result of what took place on Saturday we
we have just heard from the chief of
staff of the Armed Forces Muhammad
bagari he's the second in command in
Iran after the supreme leader of the
country's entire uh military
infrastructure he issued a statement
congratulating the Palestinian Fighters
and he also said that he hope soon they
will be able to take control of Alexa
mosque as well H he said that this is a
Monumental occasion and it shows that
really Israel is not um as strong as
many believe it to be he also went on to
say that the will of the oppressed
people will be victorious this is a
sentiment that we've heard over the past
24 hours from a number of officials in
Iran as a result of the events that
transpired uh in Palestine and Israel
now uh we also saw a number of tweets
that went out on the Supreme Leader
social media accounts um one of them was
a minute and a one minute video that
they put together of the events and the
scenes that that unfolded uh in um Gaza
and Southern Israel in which the supreme
leader is heard narrating the footage
and saying that really U congratulating
and commemorating this historic event in
terms of a Victorious one for the
Palestinian people and the Palestinian
Fighters and he said that he went on to
encourage them to continue their fight
against their oppressor that is the
Zionist regime as he refers to Israel um
the sense here is that this is certainly
going to be an important Mo um event for
not only the Palestinian uh fractions
but also for Iran and their support of
those uh movements within Palestine uh
for the Iranian system and the
establishment since
1979 Israel has been certainly Public
Enemy Number One at every unveiling of a
new uh rocket or missile and the
officials here make a point of uh
highlighting how long it would take for
that missile to reach Tel Aviv uh so I
think this certainly uh going to be seen
as an important event the Iranians have
been very careful though not to get
involved specifically in terms of
logistics or financial support
officially anyways for the time being
we'll have to wait and see what happens
on the ground and how the officials here
will react as a result of that and of
course hezb as we've been discussing it
launched those mortar rounds on the
Sheba Farms everyone very well aware of
the fragility
of the
situation certainly and I think uh over
the past few years uh we've seen the
strong support Iran has had for
Hezbollah they're considered to be
brothers as we've seen footage rare
footage after the assassination of Kim
solmani during the war with Israel
between hezb and Israel we saw kasim
solmani recounting how he um helped
assist the Hezbollah commanders during
those days um and this was a documentary
that aired after he was assassinated so
it gives you an idea of how close Iran's
military establishment is and of course
the Revolutionary guard and the GS Force
to Hezbollah and of course whenever uh
as rare as it may be whenever Hassan
Nella the leader of Hezbollah visits uh
Iran he makes sure to see the supreme
leader all these signs telling how close
the two are to one another I think it's
going to be very very um important to
see what happens in uh Lebanon between
um the that area that is now um seeing
some activities between Hezbollah
Fighters and Israel uh Iranians
certainly will be monitoring that very
closely it will also have ramifications
for Iran there people the general public
is certainly concerned about the events
that have unfolded as and in terms of
what it would mean for their own safety
down the line Israel has over and over
again said is one of their main uh
security concerns and threats uh to the
uh establishment in Israel to the whole
country uh so I think what happens in
the coming hours and days will certainly
be very important for all sides and daa
thank you for that da Jabari and Teran
back with you later daughter thank you